Alice: Let's align on the password reset feature for the customer portal.
Bob: Right now users can only reset via support tickets, which delays resolution.
Carol: We want them to reset using an email one-time code, correct?
Alice: Yes, and the code should expire in 10 minutes.
Bob: Should we add two-factor authentication during reset, or only at login?
Carol: For now, just at login. Reset can be OTP-only.
Alice: We'll need acceptance criteria: successful OTP, expired OTP, and invalid OTP.
Bob: Also handle rate limiting — max 3 attempts per hour per user.
Carol: QA will need positive and negative test cases around OTP verification.
Alice: And regression tests to ensure existing login flow still works.
Bob: We'll also need to send an audit event when password is successfully reset.
Carol: Good, that will help us verify in the logs.